hi my name is dave Andrews today I'm
going to show you how to make an
employee flowchart we're going to use
microsoft word for this so let's go to
our computer let's click on the start
button let's go to all programs find
microsoft office click on word now what
we're going to show is the employees in
our organization and how they all relate
to each other so i'm going to go to the
insert tab find shape's and under
flowchart let's click on process this is
going to be our chief executive officer
up here at the top and right click on
that little rectangle that I just drew
click on add text CEO bill Watson now
bill has several VPS who work for him
I'm going to insert shapes flowcharts
I'm gonna draw a box for each one of
these and let's just I'm just making up
names mark jones vp marketing insert
another one
Frank Collier VP of Sales now I need to
show how these two employees relate to
the CEO as you can see they're beneath
him on this what we're drawing is
basically a tree and we need to have
arrows going between them so I'm going
to insert shapes I'm just going to draw
out a narrow the points from CEO to my
VP of Marketing here and insert shapes
another arrow going from my CEO to my VP
of Sales now you can repeat this as many
times as possible or as you need say
Frank Collier would have one you'd have
another guy working for him these are
his managers and then there is a third
now each of these arrows will be
pointing to another process object who
would be who would have a name and their
title within it so it's that easy to
create a flow chart of employees going
from the very top of your organization
all the way down to the lowest tier of
workers my name is dave Andrews and I've
just showed you how to create an
employee flowchart